PAPP-35152: changing documentation to config variables section to be … (#82)
phantomcyber/dev-cicd-tools: github-actions/start-release/tests/data/build_docs/has_existing_readme/expected_readme.md

### Configuration Variables

> This table lists the configuration variables required to operare QRadar. These variables are specified when configuring a QRadar asset in SOAR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table lists the configuration variables required to operate QRadar. These variables are specified when configuring a QRadar asset in Splunk SOAR.
```
